{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green30\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red95\green161\blue55;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs50 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Gallup Analytics Methodology
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 World Poll Methodology Overview
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Gallup continually surveys residents in more than 150 countries that are home to more than 99% of the world's population, using randomly selected, nationally representative samples. Gallup typically surveys 1,000 individuals in each country, using a standard set of core questions that has been translated into the major languages of the respective country. In some regions, supplemental questions are asked in addition to core questions. Face-to-face interviews are approximately one hour, while telephone interviews are about 30 minutes. In many countries, the survey is conducted once per year, and fieldwork is generally completed in two to four weeks. The Country Data Set Details document displays each country's sample size, month/year of the data collection, mode of interviewing, languages employed, design effect, margin of error, and details about sample coverage.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Gallup is entirely responsible for the management, design, and control of the Gallup World Poll. For the past 70 years, Gallup has been committed to the principle that accurately collecting and disseminating the opinions and aspirations of people around the globe is vital to understanding our world. Gallup's mission is to provide information in an objective, reliable, and scientifically grounded manner. Gallup is not associated with any political orientation, party, or advocacy group and does not accept partisan entities as clients. Any individual, institution, or governmental agency may access the Gallup World Poll regardless of nationality. The identities of clients and all surveyed respondents will remain confidential.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Learn more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gallup.com/poll/165404/world-poll-methodology.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Gallup's World Poll methodology}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 .
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 For more complete methodology and specific survey dates, please review {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gallup.com/services/177797/country-data-set-details.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Gallup's Country Data Set details}}.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f0\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup Daily Tracking Methodology
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Gallup Daily tracking methodology relies on live interviewers and dual-frame telephone sampling (which includes random-digit-dial (RDD) list-assisted landline phone as well as RDD cellular phone sampling to reach those in cellphone-only households) and uses a multi-call design to reach respondents not contacted on the initial attempt. Gallup interviewers employ a "most recent birthday" selection method for choosing adult respondents within a landline phone household. Gallup Daily tracking includes Spanish-language interviews for Spanish-speaking respondents and interviews in Alaska and Hawaii.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The data are weighted daily to account for unequal selection probability and nonresponse by sample frame. The weights also adjust for number of adults in the landline phone household and unequal selection probability because of dual-telephone-user status. Post-stratification weights are then constructed to compensate for nonrandom nonresponse among demographic groups using targets from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Health Interview Survey for telephone status and targets from the U.S. Census Bureau for age, sex, region, gender, education, ethnicity by race, and population density. The resulting sample represents an estimated 95% of all U.S. households.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Data that are summarized at the state and Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) district level are weighted at each of these levels twice per year for states or once per year for MSAs to ensure that samples are representative of these areas.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Learn more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gallup.com/poll/165401/gallup-daily-tracking-methodology.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Gallup's Daily Tracking methodology}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 .
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f0\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 State of the States
\f0\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted June-December, 2013, with a random sample of approximately 600 adults per state, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 For results based on the total sample of adults per state, the margin of sampling error is \'b15 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Learn more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://analyticscampus.gallup.com/Dataset/DownloadFile/171773"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 State of the States methodology}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 .
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f0\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index Methodology
\f0\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup and Healthways in 2008 initiated a 25-year partnership, merging decades of clinical research, health leadership, and behavioral economics research to track and understand the key factors that drive well-being. The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index provides an in-depth, nearly real-time view of Americans' well-being. Having an awareness of U.S. residents' well-being provides unmatched insights into people at the community, state, and national levels.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 The Well-Being Index measures Americans' perceptions of their lives and their daily experiences through five interrelated elements that make up well-being: sense of purpose, social relationships, financial security, relationship to community, and physical health.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup and Healthways in 2012 created the Gallup-Healthways Global Well-Being Index to measure well-being worldwide. Gallup added 10 questions to its World Poll in 2013, with each of the questions associated with one of the five elements of well-being. Gallup compiles individual responses and categorizes the respondents as thriving, struggling, or suffering in each element. The Global Well-Being Index uses the same data collection and weighting methodology as the Gallup World Poll.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup interviews U.S. adults aged 18 and older living in all 50 states and the District of Columbia using a dual-frame design, which includes both landline and cellular telephone numbers. Gallup samples landline and cellphone numbers using random-digit-dial methods. Gallup chooses landline respondents at random within each household based on which member had the most recent birthday. Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 50% cellphone respondents and 50% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Gallup conducts interviews in Spanish for respondents who are primarily Spanish-speaking.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Gallup interviews at least 500 U.S. adults aged 18 and older daily. More than 175,000 respondents are interviewed each year, and over 2 million interviews have been conducted to date since 2008.Gallup interviews at least 500 U.S. adults aged 18 and older daily. More than 175,000 respondents are interviewed each year, and over 2 million interviews have been conducted to date since 2008.
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Learn more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gallup.com/175196/gallup-healthways-index-methodology.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index methodology}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 .
\f0\fs30 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
}